Feature/documentation (#17)
EspeoBlockchain/gardener-server: docs/prerequisites.rst

-------------
Prerequisites
-------------

Before you start using Gardener, you may wish to check if that you have all requirements installed on your platform.

Docker 
========

Docker toolbox can be downloaded 
`here <https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/>`_.

You can verify if you have successfully installed docker running this command.

  docker ---version

Node
========
Gardener needs to have Node.js installed. Node is available and you can download it here.

Make sure you have successfully installed it by typing in command line 

  node ---version

.. note::

>    Keep in mind that your Node.js version has to be at least 7.6 as gardener uses async/await pattern.

Author: Well, I have double-checked it and it shows that in 7.6 version async/await is officially supported. Earlier, it was just in experimental phase. I suspect that maybe there is a possibility to run these scripts that contains async/await, I will verify it

-------------
Prerequisites
-------------

Before you start using Gardener, you may wish to check if that you have all requirements installed on your platform.

Docker
========

Docker toolbox can be downloaded
`here <https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/>`__.

> You can verify if you have successfully installed docker running this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify if you have successfully installed docker by running the following command.
```
